Added command usage docs (#145)
Azure/azure-capi-cli-extension: docs/comands-usage.md

# Azure CAPI CLI Usage

> See [Kubernetes Cluster API Provider Azure](https://capz.sigs.k8s.io/) for more information.

Reviewer: I think this sentence is confusing here. The document is about "az capi" usage, but we start out by pointing to a source of more general information about CAPZ which won't say anything about "az capi."

Maybe this should go near the end of the document under a section called something like "Learn more about the Cluster API Provider for Azure."

An introductory sentence should probably summarize what's to come in the rest of the document. Maybe:

"This document summarizes `az capi` commands and their arguments."

|**--management-cluster-name**|`String`|Name for management cluster.|
|**--management-cluster-resource-group-name -mg**|`String`|Resource group name of management cluster.|
|**--node-machine-count**|`Integer`| Node Machine Count|
|**--node-machine-type**|`String`| Node Machine Type|
|**----pivot**|`Bool`| Move provider and CAPI resources to workload cluster. Learn more about [Pivot](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/clusterctl/commands/move.html).|
|**--resource-group -g**|`String`|Name of resource group. You can configure the default group using `az configure --defaults group=<name>`. If not specified, the value of `--name` will be used.|
|**--ssh-public-key**|`String`|Public key contents to install on node VMs for SSH access.|
|**--template**|`String`|User-defined template to create a workload cluster. Accepts a URL or file.|
|**--vnet-name**|`String`| Name of the Virtual Network to create.|
|**--windows -w**|`Bool`|For built-in templates: Include a Windows node pool. For custom templates [`--template`]: Deploy Windows CNI.|
|**--yes -y**|`Bool`| Do not prompt for confirmation|

#### `--bootstrap-commands` usage:

> These commands are implemented via Cluster API bootstrap provider kubeadm. This provider is responsible for generating a cloud-init script to turn a machine into a kubernetes node. The commands run before and after kubeadm init/join on each VM. To learn more, visit: [Cluster API bootstrap provider kubeadm](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/tasks/kubeadm-bootstrap.html?#additional-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands are implemented via Cluster API bootstrap provider kubeadm. This provider is responsible for generating a cloud-init script to turn a machine into a Kubernetes node. The commands run before and after kubeadm init/join on each VM. To learn more, visit: [Cluster API bootstrap provider kubeadm](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/tasks/kubeadm-bootstrap.html?#additional-features).
```

`az capi create --bootstrap-commands <path-to-yaml-file>`

The file should contain commands in this YAML format:
```yaml
---
preBootstrapCommands:
- touch /tmp/pre-bootstrap-command-was-here
postBootstrapCommands:
- touch /tmp/post-bootstrap-command-was-here
```
Alternative YAML format for a single pre and post command:
```yaml
---
postBootstrapCommands: touch /tmp/pre-bootstrap-command-was-here
preBootstrapCommands: touch /tmp/post-bootstrap-command-was-here
```

#### `--template` usage:

User-defined template to create a workload cluster. Accepts a URL or file.

`az capi create --template <URL-template>`
`az capi create --template <path-to-cluster-template-file>`

> See [CAPZ templates](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure/tree/main/templates) for a start refence for cluster custom templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [CAPZ templates](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-azure/tree/main/templates) for a starting reference for custom cluster templates.
```
